# CAMARA KnowYourCustomer meeting - MOM-2023-12-19

* Tuesday, December 19th, 2023

## Attendees

* Toshi (Toshiyasu) Wakayama, KDDI
* Tet (Tetsuya) Chiba, KDDI
* Fernando Prado Cabrillo, Telefonica
* Gilles Renoux, Orange
* Stefano Falsetto, Hutchison
* Kazuma Kameyama, KDDI
* Kiyoto Shinomura, KDDI
* Rafal Artych, DT

KnowYourCustomer minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Review MoM & Actions
* Review Issues & PRs
* Timeline
* KYC Match (to complete the initial YAML and the API document)
* KYC Fill-in (to complete the initial YAML and the API document)
* Next Steps
* AOB

The Agenda was approved.

## Review MoM & Actions

* MOM 2023-12-12 draft (PR #20) has been approved and merged.
* Actions:
  * Closed: AI#02.03, AI#03.04, AI#04.01, AI#04.02, AI#04.03, AI#04.04, AI#04.05, AI#04.06
  * Kept open: None

### Review Issues & PRs

* Page 5 (Issues) and Page 6 (PRs) in the agenda slides show current Issues and PRs, which were noted.

## Timeline for the initial version

* Reviewed the timeline:
  * YAML completed: ~December 19th (TODAY)
  * API documentation completed: ~December 19th (TODAY)
  * Initial version published: ~December 22nd

## KYC Match

* Toshi asked members if there are any remaining issues to discuss at the meeting, after mentioning that he understands our discussions on GitHub since our last meeting have cleared all Issues/PRs.
* There was no comment, and it was confirmed that PR #27 (Match YAML) and PR #31 (Match API Document) could be approved and merged.

## KYC Fill-in

* There were two remaining issues.
* **Issue #1: in PR #28 (Fill-in YAML), there is a proposal to add “Phone Number” (or MSISDN) to the Fill-in request body.**
  * Members understood by GitHub discussions that putting Phone Number into the request body is not necessary, because it can be retrieved from 3-Legged AuthN/AuthZ/ConsentCapturing processes of this API.  On GitHub discussions, Orange explained that it is needed for 2-Legged AuthN/Authz.  KDDI explained during the meeting that CAMARA/Open Gateway have decided that 3-Legged AuthN/AuthZ processes are required for APIs touch user privacy information including KYC Match/Fill-in APIs.
  * If there is no Phone Number in the request body, it will degrade usability of the API.  Also, it is better to have Phone Number when it comes to combination with other APIs.  It is not understandable why KDDI thinks it is not needed? (DT)
  * More than one phone number is used for IoT Devices and Family Member service case, so, it is better to add “Phone Number” to the request body to show which phone number is the target phone number for the KYC Fill-in request, which leads to better usability. (DT)
  * The concept of more than one phone number was proposed by KDDI before, and after the group discussion, it was not adopted and left for future enhancement because it will make things complicated.  So, if it is related to more than one phone number, it should be discussed in the future release.  So, for our initial version, is it ok that Phone Number attribute is not included in the request body? (Toshi)
  * Agreed. (DT, Orange, Telefonica)

* **Issue #2: in PR #32 (Fill-in API Document), there is a question by Orange about KDDI proposed KYC Fill-in API operation/ service sequence; 3rd parties should make contract with MNO (KDDI) for the API use, when 3rd parties shou ld decide which information/ attributes they will receive by an API call, and the 3rd party ID, which a 3rd party is given by MNO when making contract, should only be included in the Fill-in API request body.**
  * As 3rd party Id can be retrieved by AuthN/AuthZ/Consent Capturing processes (Client ID), there is no need to include 3rd party Id in the request body. (Orange)
  * If the 3rd Party Id is not included in the request body, there would be no attribute parameter in the Fill-in API request body.  Is it no problem? (Toshi) 
  * No problem. (Orange)
  * KDDI’s Fill-in API operation/ service sequence forces 3rd parties to decide which information/ attributes they can receive by an API call.  This is for better security / privacy protection.  MNO can control which information/ attributes a 3rd party will receive, considering its scale, business areas, credit quality and so on.  (KDDI)
  * Because there is no information sent from a 3rd party to MNO in the request body, it is up to the MNO to decide which information/attributes the 3rd party will receive.  Is this OK?  Also, in terms of security and privacy protection, the MNO should be responsible for that.  Is this OK, as well?  (Toshi)
  * OK. (Orange)
  * I will write down these somewhere in the API document and/or the YAML description. (Toshi) 
  * As the 3rd party id can be retrieved by AuthN/AuthZ/Consent Capturing processes, it seems it is the same situation as the Phone Number.  So, it should be discussed in the future releases. (DT)
  * OK. (KDDI)

## Next Steps

* **KYC Match API:** as the YAML (PR #27) and the API Document (PR #31) are fixed, these two PRs are to be merged within today as it is.
  * **Codeowners (Fernando, Gilles) to approve the PRs. [AI#05.01]**
  * **Then Toshi to merge the PRs. [AI#05.02]**

* **KYC Fill-in API:** the YAML (PR #28) and the API Document (PR #32) will be modified according to today’s outcome.  Then the modified PRs will be merged within today.
  * **Toshi to modify the YAML and the API document according to today’s outcome [AI#05.03]**
  * **Then Codeowners (Fernando, Gilles) to approve the PRs. [AI#05.04]**
  * **Then Toshi to merge the PRs. [AI#05.05]**

* **Next steps after the Christmas Break:**
  * Initial version agreed today (v0.1.0): Error correction, missing information, improvement of API description
  * Next version (v0.2.0): leftover issues, new features, functional enhancement
  * Age verification API to start

## AOB

* **Next meeting: 2024/1/9(Tue) 0900-1000 CET.**
  
## Action Items

* **AI #05.01** For KYC Match API, Codeowners (Fernando, Gilles) to approve PR #27 and PR #31
* **AI #05.02** Then Toshi to merge the PRs
* **AI #05.03** For KYC Fill-in API, Toshi to modify the YAML and the API document according to today’s outcome
* **AI #05.04** Then Codeowners (Fernando, Gilles) to approve the modified PRs.
* **AI #05.05** Then Toshi to merge the approved PRs.


[END]
