# CAMARA KnowYourCustomer meeting - MOM-2024-04-16

* Tuesday, April 16th, 2024


## Attendees

* Toshi (Toshiyasu) Wakayama, KDDI
* Tet (Tetsuya) Chiba, KDDI
* Fernando Prado Cabrillo, Telefonica
* Gilles Renoux, Orange
* Huub Appelboom, KPN
* Kazuma Kameyama, KDDI
* Surajj Jaggernath, Vodacom
* Rafal Artych, DT

KnowYourCustomer minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

Meeting documents: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/SupportingDocuments](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/SupportingDocuments)


## Agenda
* Review MoM & Actions
* Review Issues & PRs
* AOB

The Agenda was approved.


## Review MoM & Actions

* MOM 2024-04-02 draft -> [PR #72](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/72), created on April 12th.  ->No comments and approved.
* Uploading the meeting 2024-03-19 material -> [PR #73](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/73), has been approved and merged.
* Actions:
  * Closed: AI #06.03
  * Kept open: AI #06.06, #08.01, #08.02, #09.01, #11.01, #12.01 
  * AI #06.03 was closed, as per Telefonica Fernando's comment that Commonalities WG has concluded on "application/json;charset=utf-8 or application/json" and "#/components/headers/x-correlator" so AI #06.03 can be closed.

## Review Issues & PRs

### Match/Fill-in v0.1.0 – released version

* Issue #18 KYC Match – Compare specifications ([Issue #18](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/18))
  * Remaining discussions can be moved to a new issue for v0.2.0? ->This issue is to be closed after being moved to a new issue. Toshi is to take care of it.  **AI #13.01 (Toshi)**

* Issue #22 KYC Match – KYC Match Request / Response attribute suffix ([Issue #22](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/22))
  * Remaining discussions can be moved to a new issue for v0.2.0? ->This issue is to be closed after being moved to a new issue.   Toshi is to take care of it.  **AI #13.02 (Toshi)**

* PR #57 Create CHANGELOG.MD  ([PR #57](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/57)) 
  * Need to check if this can be merged or should be closed without being merged, as PR #61 was merged.  ->Need to check after the meeting.

### Match/Fill-in v0.2.0 – wip

* Issue #38 Proposition of design evolution ([Issue #38](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/38))
  * Discussion ongoing ->Continue discussion on GitHub 

* Issue #39 Polymorphism and discriminator for specific requirements ([Issue #39](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/39)) <br> PR #43 Match API Design evolution proposal ([PR #43](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/43))
  * Discussion ongoing.  ->Continue discussion on GitHub 

* Issue #47 Data Minimization for Protection Against Misuse of KYC Data ([Issue #47](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/47))
  * Discussion ongoing ->Continue discussion on GitHub 

* Issue #65 KYC Match/Fill-in v0.1.0 leftover issues, new features, functional enhancement for next versions ([Issue #65](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/65))
  * Discussion ongoing ->Continue discussion on GitHub 
  * Huub KPN commented that the Issue includes many items in the list, and that it is better to split the items into each Issue, so that we can decide each item to be discussed, to be closed, or to be delayed.  -> Toshi is to create Issues for each item. **AI #13.03 (Toshi)**

* Issue #66 Country attribute variation ([Issue #66](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/66))
  * Discussion ongoing ->Continue discussion on GitHub 

* Issue #71 Use houseNumber instead of streetNumber ([Issue #71](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/71))
  * A new issue for Correction.
  * I would change streetNumber to houseNumber.  This is not an issue in the Netherlands, but in some countries, e.g. US, they have 1st East St., 2nd East St. 3rd East St. etc., Street Name has numbering, and it may confuse the streetNumber attribute.  Proposal is to have streetName, houseNumber, houseNumberExtension.)  (Huub KPN)
  * In Spain, in residential areas, streetName and streetNumber may be enough, but in the city, streetName and streetNumber can identify the building, where many houses with each houseNumber exist, so streetNumber and houseNumber is different.  (Fernando TEF)
  * In that case, houseNumberExtension can be used to differentiate in the Netherlands.  (Huub KPN)
  * In US, streetName has numbering, so, streetNumber attributes may confuse people thinking it is street numbering or houseNumber, they say. (Huub KPN)
  * In Spain, streetName is unique, and numbering is not used. (Fernando TEF)
  * In France, same. (Gilles Orange)
  * If we change streetNumber to houseNumber to solve US’s problem, it may cause other problem with other countries having different systems.  (Fernando TEF)
  * How about other standardization like Mobile Connect?  (Huub KPN)
  * Will check TM Forum.  (Gilles Orange)
  * Will check OIDF.  (Toshi KDDI)
  * Let’s compare other standardization cases and continue discussion on GitHub.

### Age Verification v0.1.0 – wip

* Issue #46 Creation of a Pull Request for Age Verification API ([Issue #46](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/46))
  * Discussion ongoing
  * It seems to converge into Jaro Winkler as the preferred method for doing fuzzy name logic.  That is one conclusion that we can have already. (Huub KPN)
  * Yes. (Gilles Orange)
  * KDDI is still discussing this internally, and especially is concerned that fuzzy name logic is not needed for Japanese language.  (Toshi KDDI)
  * It is understood that Japan does not need fuzzy name logic and would use exact match.  It can use 100% always for Jaro Winkler.  But, in EU market, fuzzy name logic is required.  (Huub KPN)
  * Understood.  From KDDI point of view, it would be better to make fuzzy name logic an optional feature and make Age Verification API workable without it. (Toshi KDDI)
  * Understood.  In EU markets, Normalisation is also required.  Remove specific language characters and some funny characters.  Mobile Connect does this.  (Huub KPN)
  * Do you mean that fuzzy name logic and Normalisation are for Age Verification only, or Match as well?  (Toshi KDDI)
  * It can apply not only for Age Verification, but also for Match, I think. (Huub KPN)
  * In EU market, for Age Verification, it is needed to add some additional attributes like Name and Email, in order to identify User is Contractor.  It is understood that Japan does not need them and wants to make them optional.  Will propose some proposal based on today’s discussion. (Huub KPN) **AI #13.04 (Huub KPN)**

* PR #50 Initial contribution of Age_Verification.yaml ([PR #50](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/50))
  * Discussion ongoing.  ->Continue discussion on GitHub 

* README.md should have Age Verification
  * An Issue/PR is to be proposed. (AI #12.01)

## AOB
* **Next meeting: 2024/5/14(Tue) 0900-1000 CEST.**
* According to the meeting cycle, the next meeting would be held on 2024/4/30(Tue), but Gilles Orange and Toshi KDDI will not be available on that date, meaning two of the three Codeowners will be unavailable, so Toshi proposed to skip the meeting on that day, adding that day (and the week) will be a Japanese holiday (week).  The proposal was agreed.  
* It was also agreed that GitHub discussion should continue, irrespective of the skip of the regular meeting. 
* It was noted that KnowYourCustomer SP regular calls will be held on Zoom platform from the next meeting on 2024/5/14.

## Action Items
* **AI#13.01**: Toshi will move remaining discussions in Issue #18 to a new Issue to be created for V0.2.0. [Toshi]
* **AI#13.02**: Toshi will move remaining discussions in Issue #22 to a new Issue to be created for V0.2.0. [Toshi]
* **AI#13.03**: Toshi will create Issues for each of the outstanding items listed in Issue #65. [Toshi]
* **AI#13.04**: Huub will share his Age Verification proposal based on discussions made during today’s meeting, with members as a GitHub comment. [Huub]
* **All other remaining AIs**

[END]

