# CAMARA KnowYourCustomer meeting - MOM-2023-12-12

* Tuesday, December 12th, 2023

## Attendees

* Toshi (Toshiyasu) Wakayama, KDDI
* Tet (Tetsuya) Chiba, KDDI
* Fernando Prado Cabrillo, Telefonica
* Gilles Renoux, Orange
* Stefano Falsetto, Hutchison
* Huub Appelboom, KPN
* Javier Carro Calabor, Telefonica
* Daniel Dierich, DT
* Kazuma Kameyama, KDDI
* Kiyoto Shinomura, KDDI

KnowYourCustomer minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Review MoM & Actions
* Review Issues & PRs
* Revised timeline
* KYC Match
* KYC Fill-in
* Next Steps
* AOB

The Agenda was approved.

## Review MoM & Actions

* MoM 2023-11-28 draft was approved.  PR #20 can be merged and closed.
* Actions:
  * Closed: AI#02.02, AI#03.01, AI#03.02, AI#03.03
  * Kept open: AI#02.03, AI#03.04

### Review Issues & PRs

* Page 5 (Issues) and Page 6 (PRs) in the agenda slides show current Issues and PRs, which were noted.

## Revised Timeline

* Revised timeline was shared on Page 7 in the agenda slides.  The completion date of the initial version had been changed from December 8th to December 22nd.  Toshi mentioned that he had spoken to GSMA and that they accepted the change.
* Target dates for some milestones are as below:
  * Parameters agreed: ~December 12th (today)
  * YAML completed: ~December 19th
  * API documentation completed: ~December 19th
  * Initial version published: ~December 22nd
* It was agreed that the next subproject meeting would be held on December 19th, 09-10 CET.
* Toshi asked team members whether the meeting time is ok, because the time is the same as Device Location meeting.  The team members confirmed the meeting time is OK.  Though one of two Telefonica regular members cannot attend, the other will cover.

## KYC Match
## (1) Parameter discussion: Issue #18

* Are all the parameters optional? (DT) ->That is our understanding. (Toshi)
* Too many parameters.  Should reduce the number. (TEF)
* It may be too many, but it should be ok as every parameter is optional. (KPN)
* Several parameters included in the list will be used in certain markets only.  Naturally the list should include only parameters to be used commonly. (TEF)
* In terms of name, KPN thinks hashed initials are very useful so as to increase matching rate of First name and Family name.  According to KPN's experience, that is effective not only for the Netherlands but also other markets. (KPN)
* Currently we are supposed to consider plain text only; not hashing. (TEF)
* To comply with GDPR, operators in the Netherlands always use hash, so parameters to be used for hash mode are required. (KPN)
* In Germany, operators always use hash. (DT)
* Same in UK.  Same in Italy.  It is better to think in European countries hash is always necessary. (Hutchison)
* Not necessary in Spain.  The subproject has agreed that hash will be worked on in the future versions. (TEF)
* Not necessary in France. (Orange)
* There is no problem without hashing in Japan. (KDDI)
* Does anyone know Number Verification API's case, in terms of GDPR? (KDDI) ->Similar discussion is ongoing, I think. (KPN)
* As the team members know, the team members have agreed that additional features such as match scoring and hashing will be discussed in future versions.  So **our first version is only for plain text mode. (Toshi) ->Agreed. (All)**
* It is fine, but in the Netherlands, plain text mode will not be used, so, some parameters that KPN has proposed to add for hash mode can be removed from the list for the initial plain text mode version.  They are 'givenNameInitial' and 'middleNamesInitials'. (KPN)


* Is 'mainPhoneNumber' needed?  As the group has agreed that Subscriber/User differentiation concept will be considered in the future versions, the current assumption should be that there is only one phone number. (TEF)
* Because KDDI's current implementation for providing commercial service uses 'mainPhoneNumber', KDDI would like to have it included, but as it seems to be unacceptable by the group, KDDI can compromise and agree to remove it from the list. (KDDI)


* There are two items 'cp_id' and 'service_id' included in the list.  Don't understand they are needed. (Orange)
* As I have answered on GitHub, KDDI uses these two for 3rd party/API user identity, in addition to that included in the Access Token.  They are not pure KYC parameters, but they are used for KDDI's implementation and existing service, so, KDDI would like to have them included in the list, if possible. (KDDI)
* Orange is not comfortable with them, as they are not KYC parameters. (Orange)
* It is true that they are not KYC parameters, but cp_id, which stands for 'content provider id', is used to identify 3rd party/API user, and service_id is used to identify a service brand for the 3rd party/API user's brands. (KDDI)
* If you want to use this kind of information, you can have it in the HTTP header and deal with it by API GW. It should not be in the list. (Hutchison)
* It is understood that opposing opinions against cp_id and service_id seem to be strong among the group members, as they are country/market specific and non-pure-KYC parameters.  KDDI can compromise and agree to remove cp_id and service_id from the list. (KDDI)
**->Parameters for KYC Match API was agreed, as Issue #18 comment https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/18#issuecomment-1853339192.**

## (2) KYC Match Request/Response parameter/attribute suffix discussion: Issue #22 

* Final proposal: Request – no suffix, Response – add 'Match' (Orange proposal).
* Don't think it adds value. (TEF)
* OK to add Match to Response.  Can differentiate Request and Response. (Hutchison)
* Useful. (KPN)
* As Orange, Hutchison, KPN and KDDI support "Request – no suffix, Response – add Match", I think the group can agree with it. (KDDI)
* Still don't think it adds value. (TEF)
* Better to look at Mobile Connect case.  Suffix is not necessary, but adding suffix seems to work for application developers. (KPN)
* If all members other than TEF are happy with it, TEF can stop opposing. (TEF)
* Appreciated. (KDDI)

**->Suffix to Parameters/attributes for KYC Match API was agreed, as below:**
| **attribute** | **Match Request** | **Match Response** |
| ------- | ----------------- | ------------------ |
|**attribute** | attribute | attributeMatch |
|**e.g. given name** | givenName | givenNameMatch |

## (3) KYC Match API Error Response Codes discussion: Issue #24 

* Final proposal is in Issue #24.  Basically the response codes included in the TEF's initial YAML and those included in the KDDI's initial YAML are merged.
* Need some time to review the final proposal. (TEF)
* **All members are requested to review the response code final proposal (Issue #24) by COB Friday 15th Dec. [AI#04.01]**

## (4) KYC Match API YAML definition: PR #27

* KDDI has proposed the consolidated YAML definition created as PR #27, which is based on TEF's YAML initial proposal, KDDI's YAML initial proposal and the group's past discussions.  But currently no description added. (KDDI)
* **Toshi is to modify the consolidated YAML definition based on today's outcome for KYC Match API. [AI#04.02]**
* **All members are requested to review the consolidated KYC Match API YAML definition proposal (PR #27) by COB Friday 15th Dec. [AI#04.03]**
* Target date for KYC Match API YAML completion: 19th December (Tue)

## KYC Fill-in

* Regarding KYC Fill-in API, proposals on Parameters/Attributes, Parameter/Attribute suffix, Error Response Codes etc. have been input by KDDI in Issue #23, and there have been some discussions. (KDDI)
* **All members are requested to review the proposals in Issue #23 by COB Friday 15th Dec. [AI#04.04]**
* **Toshi to modify Parameters/Attributes proposal in Issue #23 based on today's KYC Match discussion outcome. [AI#04.05]**
* Same as KYC Match, KDDI has proposed the consolidated YAML definition created as PR #28, which is based on KDDI's YAML initial proposal and the group's past discussions.  But currently no description added. (KDDI)
* **All members are requested to review the consolidated KYC Fill-in API YAML definition proposal (PR #27) by COB Friday 15th Dec. [AI#04.06]**
* Target date for KYC Fill-in API YAML completion: 19th December (Tue)

## Next Steps

* Target date for KYC Match and KYC Fill-in API documentation: 19th December (Tue)
* **Toshi to create Issue/PR for this. [remaining AI#03.04]**

## AOB

* **Next meeting: 2023/12/19(Tue) 0900-1000 CET.**
  
## Action Items

* **AI #04.01** All - Review KYC Match API Error Response (Issue #24); due COB Friday 15th December

* **AI #04.02** Toshi - Update KYC Match API Consolidated YAML definition proposal based on the outcome of the Tuesday's meeting 

* **AI #04.03** All - Review KYC Match API Consolidated YAML definition proposal (PR #27); due COB Friday 15th December 

* **AI #04.04** All - Review KYC Fill-in API specifications proposal (e.g. parameters/attributes) (Issue #23); due COB Friday 15th December 

* **AI #04.05** Toshi - Update KYC Fill-in API specifications proposal (e.g. parameters/attributes) based on the outcome of the Tuesday's meeting 

* **AI #04.06** All - Review KYC Fill-in API Consolidated YAML definition proposal (PR #28); due COB Friday 15th December 

[END]
