# CAMARA KnowYourCustomer meeting - MOM-2024-03-19

* Tuesday, March 19th, 2024


## Attendees

* Toshi (Toshiyasu) Wakayama, KDDI
* Tet (Tetsuya) Chiba, KDDI
* Fernando Prado Cabrillo, Telefonica
* Gilles Renoux, Orange
* Stefano Falsetto, Hutchison
* Huub Appelboom, KPN
* Javier Carro Calabor, Telefonica
* Kazuma Kameyama, KDDI
* Kosuke Koiwai, KDDI/OIDF
* Aziz Abouchi, SFR
* (guest) Mark Haine, OIDF
* (guest) Dima Postnikov, OIDF

KnowYourCustomer minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

Meeting documents: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/SupportingDocuments](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/SupportingDocuments)


## Agenda
* OIDF presentation re: Age Verification
* Review MoM & Actions
* Review Issues & PRs
* AOB

The Agenda was approved.


## OIDF presentation re: Age Verification

* Presenters:
  * Mark Haine, OIDF 
  * Dima Postnikov, OIDF 
* Mark presented OIDC Advanced Syntax for Claims (ASC) including its concepts and its specification aspects.
  * Outline of his presentation is captured at the bottom of this MoM.
  * His slide deck has been shared by KYC-SP ML and uploaded to KYC-SP Repo.
  * URL link to the current Advanced Syntax for Claims Work Group Draft: https://openid.bitbucket.io/ekyc/openid-connect-advanced-syntax-for-claims.html
* Dima shared how ConnectID AU introduced OIDC+IDA + ASC as a usecase in Australia.
  * Outline of his presentation is captured at the bottom of this MoM.
  * URL link to ConnectID AU spec: https://cdn.connectid.com.au/specifications/digitalid-identity-assurance-profile-05.html
* All thanked Mark and Dima for their presentation.
* All were requested to provide any feedback on the presentation. **AI #11.01**


## Review MoM & Actions

* Due to lack of time, it was requested to review the related PRs and the actions list.
* MOM 2024-03-05 draft -> [PR #64](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/64)
* Uploading the meeting 2024-03-05 material -> [PR #62](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/62)
* Actions:
  * Closed: AI #06.04, #10.01, #10.02
  * Kept open: AI #06.03, #06.06, #08.01, #08.02, #09.01


## Review Issues & PRs

### Match/Fill-in v0.1.0 – released version

* Due to lack of time, it was requested to review the related PRs and the actions list.

### Match/Fill-in v0.2.0 – wip

* Due to lack of time, it was requested to review the related PRs and the actions list.

### Age Verification v0.1.0 – wip

* Issue #46 Creation of a Pull Request for Age Verification API ([Issue #46](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/46))
* PR #50 Initial contribution of Age_Verification.yaml ([PR #50](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/50))
  * Discussion ongoing
  * Toshi KDDI - As Age Verification API is a GSMA Open Gateway Drop #4 API, we should complete Age Verification v0.1.0 quickly.  As Gilles has already created a proposal of the user story on GitHub, it is better for us to agree on the user story first.
  * Toshi KDDI - In the Issue #46 discussion on GitHub, I found a problem was shared which I would agree with.  The problem is that we verify the age against the contractor / subscriber data, not against the user who is currently using the handset.
  * Gilles Orange - The proposal was that, for the initial version, the condition should be the owner of the contract is the user.  If not, we cannot verify the age.  (Gilles Orange)
  * Toshi KDDI - replied that it made sense, adding a note that, during GSMA product portfolio work stream meeting on the day before, someone from Vodafone showed their interest in Age Verification API and asked GSMA for of Orange’s Age Verification API contact. 
  * Gilles Orange – His colleague may be contacted as they do not know the latest status.  They thought we did not make any progress as they did not see anything in the main branch.
  * Toshi KDDI – Vodafone also mentioned that they are interested in KYC Match API and together with Hatchison, they are going to do some input of some logic.  Stefano may be aware of it.  In the GSMA meeting, Toshi replied that any input would be welcome.

## AOB
* From next meeting, Europe will be in summer time, but some countries including Japan do not have summer time, so we need to agree on our meeting time.  As KDDI does not have problem with keeping the same meeting time for Europe and other countries having summer time, it was agreed that our meetings will be held for 0900-1000 CEST.
* **Next meeting: 2024/4/2(Tue) 0900-1000 CEST.**


## Action Items
* **AI#11.01**: All were requested to provide any feedback on the OIDF Age Verification presentation. (All)
* **All other remaining AIs**


## Appendix

### Outline of Mark Haine’s presentation on OIDC Advanced Syntax Claims (ASC)
* (Page 1) This presentation was what Daniel Fett presented at OSW last year and adjusted.  (OSW: OAuth Security Workshop)
* (Page 2) OIDC advanced syntax for claims was inspired by age verification use case so why he wanted to share this.
* But more than that, extend the use case, much more about requesting and receiving claims. Fine grained control over date delivery. RPs more control over what they get, a number of business reasons.
* Complex data structures, especially from IDA. Need better control of Json hierky claims., OIDC Core 2 levels vs IDA 5+ revels, difficult to control with OIDC mechanism.
* (Page 3) So ASC is no requirement for IDA, on top of any OIDC implementation.
Couple of special allowances for better use of. 
*  2 important components, Transformed claims, age verification and others.  Selective Abort/Omit.
* (page 4) Transformed Claims.
* (page 5) Usecase identified for Age Verification. Any convention, any version of age verification, over 16 or 18 or 21, varies in some countries. Retirement ages complex.
* Also ended up with transformed claims based on suffix on email, zip code, nationality (if contain multiple nationalities) etc.  Allows us to return things derived from the base claims.
* (page 6) Idea: Claims values can be transformed using a small set of functions before any further evaluation is performed.
* (page 7) Example: Age Verification.  Definition is above_18, then use – prefix ':'
* (page 8) In the draft spec, there are set of functions can be used, we think this is a decent set. Years_ago is application specific, but other than that is generalized.
* (page 10) We have spent a bit of time for simplification of implementation, IDP can add metadata to say only a subset is supported. Only allowing useful for age verification use case, also allow provide predefined transformed claims. Predefined claims to get above_18, simpler to execute for both parties.
* Also allow OPs to only support PTC. 
* (page 11) Another example with PTC,  Double colon indicates PTC, we do not need to define what above_18 means in the claims parameter
* (page 12) Another things discussed was UX consideration, show something meaningful to users to get consent is difficult.  Worst case scenario say birth date (base claim) is provided.
* (page 14~17) Second feature, slightly more experimental slides.  OIDC code feature essential:true, not widely implemented or understood. SAO, enable further data minimization. Allow for elements of the response to be conditionally left out.
We had a bit of troubles, Takahiko Kawasaki discovered a race condition, not deterministic.
* (page 18) What we came up is more flexible way of expressing the SAO feature without the race condition,  Use JSON schema based definition 
* (page 19) Example, for a verified_claims/claims, if it matches birthdate = 1900-01-01, omit all verified_claims/claims
* Effectively allows us condition, if a particular post code condition, if a post code is not London, omit address, or additional action, abort. Age verification. TSC, over the age of 13, abort the request if the user is under the age of 13. Minimum age of social media. We don’t want to ask users age, but don’t want to receive anything if the use is below 13.
* Come up with more general use such as post code, address, or with IDA, we only want to rely on verified identity if passport has been used or IAL2 and passport. Highly flexible, write conditions.
* Keep complexity under control, discuss taking it quite.  Bit further, but decided not to go that far. Looked at some conditional languages, complexity and additional risks, large set of use cases, this set of feature will enable. We decided to not go too far to be a programming language. Relatively simple compared to other ways. 
* More feedback will be valuable, trying to move to 1st ID.

### Outline of Dima Postnikov’s presentation on ConnectID AU
* In AU, building national id infrastructure, ID scheme based on OIDC + IDA to start with, other methods Verifiable presentation.
* Advanced claims specs. In ConnecID Au, we use multiple specs. Not just OIDC+IDA, we ended up mixing multiple.
* Standard OIDC claims, verified_claims, 
* Standard - typical name, phone, address etc., Advanced claims, 2 reasons, in future want to provide a lot of metadata. Additional metadata, how was the data verified, how long ago by whom, some non standard claims that OIDC not provide. Clear language over16,18,21,25,65, 18 is mainly used 95%, and bank account details. Lottery payout or insurance claims, telecom mobile number ownership. In future ASC, we will give me everything or nothing. RP don’t want to pay data unless full set. 
* In AU, user OIDC + IDA, in future ASC.

[END]

