# CAMARA KnowYourCustomer meeting - MOM-2024-01-23

* Tuesday, January 23rd, 2024

## Attendees

* Toshi (Toshiyasu) Wakayama, KDDI
* Tet (Tetsuya) Chiba, KDDI
* Fernando Prado Cabrillo, Telefonica
* Gilles Renoux, Orange
* Efthymis Isaakidis, DT
* Stefano Falsetto, Hutchison
* Javier Carro Calabor, Telefonica
* Kazuma Kameyama, KDDI
* Kiyoto Shinomura, KDDI
* Rafal Artych, DT

KnowYourCustomer minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

Meeting documents: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/SupportingDocuments](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/SupportingDocuments)

## Agenda

* Review MoM & Actions
* Review Issues & PRs
* AOB

The Agenda was approved.

## Review MoM & Actions

* MOM 2024-01-09 draft (PR #41) had been approved by the codewoners, however, an error in writing was found in Action Items.  It was corrected a few hours before the meeting and the codeowners were requested to approve it again.

* Actions:
  * Closed: AI #06.08
  * Kept open: AI #06.01, #06.02, #06.03, #06.04, #06.05, #06.06, #06.07
  
### Review Issues & PRs

* [Issue #18](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/18) KYC Match - Compare specifications
  * (for v0.1.0) Javier TEF and Huub KPN commented in Github.  Once AI#06.02 has covered these comments, this issue will be closed.

* [Issue #37](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/37) Include API description in yaml
  * (for v0.1.0) Ongoing.  PR #44 and PR #45 have been created by Toshi KDDI.  Once these two PRs have been merged, this Issue can be closed.

* [Issue #38](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/38) Proposition of design evolution
  * Ongoing discussion. 

* [Issue #39](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/39) Polymorphism and discriminator for specific requirement
  * Ongoing discussion. PR #43 has also been created by Gilles Orange, but it is not-to-be-merged.  Aim is to identify Market/Country specific attributes in yaml, by using Polymorphism and discriminator.  Device Location uses similar methods. (Orange)
  * This way may make the API more complicated.  There may be other ways than something in yaml, e.g. routing solutions with aggregators.  (HUT)
  * How aggregators know the market/country could be an issue.  (TEF)
  * As the discussion was very good but it was difficult to catch the details, Toshi KDDI requested Stefano HUT to make comments in the GitHub.

* [Issue #40](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/40) CHANGELOG.MD
  * (for v0.1.0) Ongoing.  CHANGELOG.MD is needed for v0.1.0 release.  To be reviewed and corresponding PR to be created. 

* [PR #43](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/43) Match API Design evolution proposal
  * PR related to issue #39.  Ongoing.  Please discuss in Issue #39.

* [PR #44](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/44) Update kyc-match.yaml to include API description in yaml
  * (for v0.1.0) Related to issue #37.  Quick merge is expected, as it is just to make API description kyc-match.md included in the yaml, but SP members are requested to review. [AI#07.01]

* [PR #45](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/45) Update kyc-fill-in.yaml to include API description in yaml
  * (for v0.1.0) Related to issue #37.  Quick merge is expected, as it is just to make API description kyc-fill-in.md included in the yaml, but SP members are requested to review. [AI#07.02]

## AOB

* Efthymis DT raised an issue as a v0.2.0 topic.
  * In terms of connection with Channel Partner, customer information protection could be an issue.  In principle, user's authorization mechanism exists, but malicious application developers or those who access illegally might cause leak of customer information.  Data minimization should be considered, and it is necessary to introduce some mechanism, with which only limited information can be accessed by application developers or aggregators, based on their use cases shared with operators when onboarding.  This is both for KYC Match and KYC Fill-in APIs. (DT Efthymis)
  * One solution would be to decide which personal information a channel partner can be access between a channel partner and an operator.  Another solution would be hashing to avoid transmitting KYC information as plain text. (HUT Stefano)
  * Regarding hashing, DT's implementation uses hashing for part of Match and Fill-in as the necessary feature. (DT Efthymis)
  * Toshi asked Efthymis to create an issue for a new discussion topic, and Efthymis agreed to do it. [AI#07.03]
  * Toshi explained that KDDI's Fill-in service has a process that when a third party makes contract with KDDI for the Fill-in service, both decide what information the third party can get by calling Fill-in API.  A third party puts its 3rd party ID in the Fill-in API request body, and on receiving the 3rd party ID, KDDI provides limited information based on the contract.  This measure was proposed for Fill-in v0.1.0, but it was not accepted by the group. (KDDI Toshi) ->It could become a solution. (DT Efthymis)
  * Another potential solution is to use "scope" to limit information that the Channel Partner can handle. (DT Efthymis)
  * Using "scope" has been discussed in CAMARA Identity and Consent Management WG (ICM).  It relates to CIBA Flow and Operate API for onboarding.  But the ICM documentation is still in progress.  It is recommended for KYC APIs to introduce the mechanism for privacy protection once the ICM documentation has been matured enough.  (DT Rafal)

* **Next meeting: 2024/2/6(Tue) 0900-1000 CET.**  OIDF's eKYC-IDA presentation is planned.

## Action Items

* **AI #07.01** SP members are requested to review PR #44. (All SP members)

* **AI #07.02** SP members are requested to review PR #45. (All SP members)

* **AI #07.03** DT Efthymis is to create a Privacy Protection related issue for a new discussion topic. (DT Efthymis) 

