# CAMARA KnowYourCustomer meeting – MOM-2023-11-14

*Tuesday, November 14th, 2023

## Attendees

* Toshi (Toshiyasu) Wakayama, KDDI
* Tet (Tetsuya) Chiba, KDDI
* Fernando Prado Cabrillo, Telefonica
* Gilles Renoux, Orange
* Stefano Falsetto, Hutchison
* Huub Appelboom, KPN
* Javier Carro Calabor, Telefonica
* Daniel Dierich, DT

KnowYourCustomer minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Review MoM & Actions
* Review Issues & PRs
* Scope Discussion
* User Story Discussion
* Next Steps
* AOB

The Agenda was approved.

## New Member

* Daniel Dierich introduced himself, as it was his first time to attend the KnowYourCustomer meeting.  

## Review MoM & Actions

* MOM 2023-10-31 draft was approved.  PR #11 can be merged and closed.
* All the Action Items at the first meeting AI#01.01 ~ 06 were marked 'closed', though some would be confirmed in the later agenda.


### Review Issues & PRs

* [Issue #7 Age Verification API](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/issues/7)
  * Toshi explained that one of the GSMA’s new API proposals 'Age Verification' will be discussed in the CAMARA TSC on Thursday this week or later and that it will  be approved and assigned to KnowYourCustomer subproject, and then asked members' views.
  * There were various views.  For example, some said that Age Verification should be included in KYC Match API as one of its attributes, and some said that Age Verification should be an independent API from KYC Match because their use cases are different and their regulation on personal information protection tend to be different.
  * Members' consensus was that as Age Verification API is useful, we are happy to welcome Age Verification API work, and that it should be a separate API from KYC Match API.
* For other issues/PRs, description in the meeting document were reviewed and approved.

## Scope Discussion

* Scope was approved as PR #6.
* Stefano commented that he has commented/ will comment to PR #2 and depending on how his comments would be treated, he might want to modify the current scope text, but that the current scope text is fine with him now.

## User Story Discussion 

* Gilles drafted User Stories for KYC Match and KYC Fill-in as [PR #13](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/13) last week, and Toshi has made comments just before the meeting and Gilles has already reflected the comments to PR #13.  However, as members requested for time to review it, the PR was kept open for further discussion.
* All members were requested to review the User Story drafts PR #13 in order to approve the User Story by or at the next meeting. [AI 01]


## User Story – initial proposal

* Toshi explained User Story is part of the first milestone (MS4), and showed a pptx material briefly explaining use case and flow of KDDI’s KYC-Match and KYC-Fill-in services aiming at it being used for base of User Story work.
* Ludovic suggested to look at the User Story of CarrierBillingCheckOut subproject as it is very good, and then he accepted volunteering work to draft User Story of KnowYourCustomer (KYC-Match and KYC-Fill-in), which was thanked for by Toshi and other members.
* Ludovic told that Gilles, a co-worker of Ludovic’s and a KnowYourCustomer maintainer, would upload a PR for User Story after becoming one of the codeowners.  [AI05]

## Next Steps
* Toshi's proposal to start discussion about Flows and Parameters (Milestone 5) on GitHub as well as to start discussion about YAML in parallel, as they are related in general and we need to accelerate our discussion, was accepted.
* Toshi is to create issues for Flow discussion and Parameter discussion. [AI 02]
* Members were informed that there have been three YAMLs uploaded as PRs; [PR #2](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/2) Telefonica's KYC Match, [PR #15](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/15) KDDI's KYC Match and [PR #16](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/16) KDDI's KYC Fill-in.

## AOB

* Stefano proposed to add calculating match score feature to KYC Match API, as it is a very useful feature according to Hutchison's experience.
* Javier supported the idea of adding the feature, however, it will make our API work complex, so, it would be better to move the feature to the next version and keep the initial version simple.
* Tet seconded Javier’s comment, adding that KYC Match's first phase should be simple True/False response feature and Stefano's proposal should be tackled in the future versions.
* Members agreed that calculating match score feature would be discussed in the future versions.  Toshi would consider how to note it, e.g. creating API's feature roadmap, creating an issue. [AI 03]
* Daniel asked the conclusion about Age Verification API at today's meeting.  Toshi explained that it would depend on TSC meeting to be held on this Thursday and that it is likely that the API would come to KnowYourCustomer subproject.
* Huub asked if there was the agreed Attributes list and commented that KYC Attributes are different in each country, adding unique examples in the Netherlands.  Toshi replied there is no agreed list yet and it should be discussed in the Parameters discussion.  Gilles commented that User Story draft has some example attributes.  Fernando commented that we should define compromised common properties.
* Next meeting: November 28th, 0900-1000 CET

## Action Items

* **AI#02.01** All members were requested to review the User Story drafts PR #13 in order to approve the User Story by or at the next meeting. 

* **AI#02.02** Toshi is to create issues for Flow discussion and Parameter discussion.

* **AI#02.03** Toshi would consider how to note "calculating match score feature”, e.g. creating API’s feature roadmap, creating an issue.

[END]
