# CAMARA KnowYourCustomer meeting - MOM-2024-02-06

* Tuesday, February 6th, 2024

## Attendees

* Toshi (Toshiyasu) Wakayama, KDDI
* Tet (Tetsuya) Chiba, KDDI
* Fernando Prado Cabrillo, Telefonica
* Gilles Renoux, Orange
* Efthymis Isaakidis, DT
* Stefano Falsetto, Hutchison
* Javier Carro Calabor, Telefonica
* Kazuma Kameyama, KDDI
* Kiyoto Shinomura, KDDI
* Rafal Artych, DT
* Huub Appelboom, KPN
* Jorge Garcia Hospital, Telefonica
* (Guest) Mark Haine, OIDF
* (Guest) Kosuke Koiwai, OIDF/KDDI

KnowYourCustomer minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

Meeting documents: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/SupportingDocuments](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/SupportingDocuments)

## Agenda

* Review MoM & Actions
* Guest presentation – OIDF eKYC-IDA
* Review Issues & PRs
* AOB

The Agenda was approved.

Javier Carro Telefonica commented that Telefonica would like to resolve open issues for v0.1.0 quickly and release v0.1.0 soon, due to requirement from their product team and business team.

->Toshi agreed with early release of v0.1.0, and proposed to discuss it after OIDF presentation.

## Guest presentation – OIDF eKYC-IDA

* Mark Haine, OIDF eKYC-IDA WG chair, introduced their activity using his presentation materials.  (The presentation materials have been shared with the subproject members after the meeting, by email circulation and by uploading to the repo.)
* It was mentioned that three products exist in UK and Germany etc.  How is Consent Management dealt with?  (Telefonica)
* ->In Germany, Yes.com provides Identity Assurance information to a large number of banks.  Consent confirmation attribute is used in OIDC process.  (Mark)
* How about others?  (Toshi)
* ->Another case is Government Citizen identity system.  OIDC plus sharing consent confirmation results.  (Mark)
* ->Another case is ConnectID in Australia.  Like Yes.com, it provides Identity Assurance information to banks.  (Mark)
* ->Conformance tests were completed in these cases.  (Mark)
* If CAMARA KYC-Match and KYC-Fill-in APIs adopt OIDC eKYC-IDA, what benefit it would receive?  (Toshi)
* ->If the APIs are used for many use cases, interconnectivity will be improved, in terms of data structure.  When new objects to share with application developers appear, it is easier to utilize Meta data etc.  It would be possible to change range of data to share with each application developer, so it will lead to data minimization.  (Mark)
* If there is a specific use case with CAMARA/Open Gateway, Mark can create and share example response messages.  (Mark)
* Toshi asked Mark to continue information sharing and discussion, and Mark kindly agreed.
* Toshi will an Issue to discussion collaboration with OIDF eKYC-IDA. [AI#08.01]

## Review MoM & Actions

* MOM 2024-01-23 draft (PR #48) and Uploading the meeting material (PR #49) are approved and to be merged.

* Actions:
  * Closed: AI #06.01, #06.02, #06.07, #07.01, #07.02, #07.03
  * Kept open: AI #06.03, #06.04, #06.06

## Review Issues & PRs

* Issue #18 KYC Match - Compare specifications (Issue #18)
  * (for v0.1.0) To be closed soon, as discussion on description of parameters is closing.

* Issue #37 Include API description in yaml (Issue #37)
  * (for v0.1.0) To be closed, as PR #44 and PR #45 are to be merged.
  * Apart from this Issue and related PRs, the remaining issue is the description of parameters, related to Issue #37.  Toshi will create corresponding PRs, but as description of parameters in the current YAMLs are not needed to be modified much according to his reading, Toshi thinks the PRs could be simple and approved soon.
  * Telefonica requested to complete the remaining issues and release v0.1.0 by end of this week.
  * Toshi agreed and told he would create PRs today or tomorrow, and asked all to review the PRs so that they could be approved within this week.

* Issue #46 and PR # 50 
  * (for Age Verification) Gilles Orange pointed out that there has been no comments for Age Verification Issue/PR, and shared his concern that it may not be completed by end of March, which had been requested by GSMA.
  * Call for action: all to review the Issue and PR for Age Verification and to be encouraged to discuss actively on GitHub. [AI#08.02]

## AOB

* **Next meeting: 2024/2/20(Tue) 0900-1000 CET.**

## Action Items

* **AI #08.01** Toshi will an Issue to discussion collaboration with OIDF eKYC-IDA. (KDDI Toshi)

* **AI #08.02** All to review the Issue and PR for Age Verification and to be encouraged to discuss actively on GitHub. (All)


