# CAMARA KnowYourCustomer meeting – MOM-2023-10-31

*Tuesday, October 31st, 2023

## Attendees

* Toshi (Toshiyasu) Wakayama, KDDI
* Tet (Tetsuya) Chiba, KDDI
* Fernando Prado Cabrillo, Telefonica
* Ludovic Robert, Orange
* Efthymios Isaakidis, DT
* Stefano Falsetto, Hutchison
* Huub Appelboom, KPN
* Javier Carro Calabor, Telefonica
* Surajj Jaggernath, Vodacom

KnowYourCustomer minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Introduction
* Proposed timeline and how to proceed
* Proposed Meeting Schedule
* Initial Codeowners
* Scope Proposal
* User Story – initial proposal
* AOB

The Agenda was approved.

## Introduction

* As it was the first meeting, attendees introduced themselves to know each other.

## Proposed timeline and how to proceed

* Toshi showed Milestone Reference, which was GSMA (Open Gateway Product Workstream) created based on CAMARA subproject activity, with proposed timeline of each milestone including Milestone 10 stable YAML publication targeted on December 8th.
* The proposed timeline was agreed after the following clarification:
  * Stable YAML publication is for both of KYC-Match and KYC-Fill-in with version 0.1 (or 0.x if applicable, but not 1.0).
  * Dates of Milestone 4 & 5 was wrong and to be corrected (Oct -> Nov) [AP01], though their Week Numbers were correct.
* Toshi proposed to proceed with KYC-Match and KYC-Fill-in work in alignment with GSMA Milestone Reference, i.e. Scope & User Story -> Flow & Parameters -> YAML & Documents, as much as possible, and it was agreed.

### Proposed Meeting Schedule

* Toshi proposed regular meeting schedule and after discussion, it was agreed that **Bi-weekly meetings are held on Tuesday, 0900-1000 CET**.
* Note:
  * 0830-0930 CET was first agreed, and then in AOB, it was changed 0900-1000 CET by Stefano’s request
  * Weekly or Bi-weekly was discussed, and Members agreed with Bi-weekly as most of other CAMARA subprojects do.  It is because work/discussion is supposed to be progressed on GitHub Issue/PR mostly and meetings are used for resolving issues which require real-time verbal discussion.
  * However, ad-hoc meetings may be held on Tuesdays between Bi-weekly regular meetings, if needed.  Meeting time for ad-hoc meetings will be decided considering any conflict with other meetings especially DeviceLocation.
  * December 26th and January 2nd are to be discussed
* Meeting link for the regular meetings will be distributed by ML, and information on the regular meetings will be incorporated into GitHub KnowYourCustomer page. [AI02]

## Initial Codeowners

* Toshi proposed Tet Chiba and Fernando in addition to Toshi (current codeowner).
* Ludovic requested to add Gilles Renoux, Orange.  Toshi will ask Administrators to add three. [AI03]

## Scope Proposal

* Toshi proposed Scope as [PR #6 Update README.md with modified Scope](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/pull/6)  
* Toshi showed the PR explaining Scope is part of the first milestone (Milestone 4).  There were opinions below:
  * Other subprojects’ Scope have just little or very high level.  Maybe depends on User Story. (Ludovic)
  * It is important to set high level scope considering global market.  No need for user consent as high level scope, as Match is sometimes legitimate and country dependent.  Email address is one of the important attributes. (Huub)
  * Scope should be minimum, and details should be discussed and agree in User Story and attributes discussion. (Efthymios) 
  * Don’t think ‘limited to 4G and 5G’ is needed. (Javier)
* As conclusion, Toshi to modify the PR #6 with concrete attributes e.g. Mobile phone number removed and consent related text removed. [AI04]

## User Story – initial proposal

* Toshi explained User Story is part of the first milestone (MS4), and showed a pptx material briefly explaining use case and flow of KDDI’s KYC-Match and KYC-Fill-in services aiming at it being used for base of User Story work.
* Ludovic suggested to look at the User Story of CarrierBillingCheckOut subproject as it is very good, and then he accepted volunteering work to draft User Story of KnowYourCustomer (KYC-Match and KYC-Fill-in), which was thanked for by Toshi and other members.
* Ludovic told that Gilles, a co-worker of Ludovic’s and a KnowYourCustomer maintainer, would upload a PR for User Story after becoming one of the codeowners.  [AI05]

## AOB

* Next meeting: November 14th, 0900-1000 CET


## Action Items

* **AI#01.01** Toshi to correct dates of Milestone 4 & 5 in the proposed timeline Excel sheet and distribute to the subproject.

* **AI#01.02** Toshi to distribute Meeting link for the regular meetings via ML, and also to incorporate the information on the regular meetings into GitHub KnowYourCustomer page.

* **AI#01.03** Toshi to ask Administrator to add Tet Chiba, Fernando and Gilles Renoux, Orange to KnowYourCustomer codeowners.

* **AI#01.04** Toshi to modify the PR #6 with concrete attributes e.g. Mobile phone number removed and consent related text removed.

* **AI#01.05** Gilles Renoux, Orange, a co-worker of Ludovic’s and a KnowYourCustomer maintainer, to upload a PR for User Story draft after becoming one of the codeowners.

* **AI#01.06** Toshi to share meeting materials shown during the meeting.

